Welcome to Thriller Recapped, Today, I will
show you A Dutch Psychological Disturbing,
Thriller film called Borgman, Spoilers
Ahead, watch out and take care.
The movie starts in an isolated village of
Netherlands, with a Man dressing up and getting
his guns ready, he takes his companion with him,
and he goes to a church. Then the group of men,
along with the priest are armed and
they make their way towards a forest.
A man lives in an underground hideout, he
hears the footsteps of group approaching,
and he sneaks outside with a pipe, and then
he makes a phone call, but no one answers.
One of the group members starts
poking iron rod in the ground,
then the priest aggressively grabs an axe, and he
starts destroying the hideout, making it collapse.
The man beneath the ground uses a smoke
grenade to escape and cause distraction.
He then runs from there is sports mode, within the
underground tunnels followed by the armed priest.
He sneaks out and runs from there, after a bit,
he stops and he taps on the ground notifying his
friend, Ludwig, about the intruders, and
warns him to answer the phone next time.
He then taps the ground again, and he notifies
another friend, Pascal, and warns him to answer
his phone calls. The man is named Camiel,
and he makes his way to the Gas Station.
There, he washes his face and then he
makes his way to a rich neighbourhood.
He goes to a mansion, and then he asks the lady,
if he can take a shower there? She closes the door
on his face, disappointed he walks from there to
another mansion. There, he observes the mansion,
that it has a guest house as well. He
rings the bell and, Richard, opens the door
and he introduces himself as fake name, Anton,
and he asks him, if he can take a shower there?
Richard denies and he wants him to leave,
but Anton says that he is just a traveller,
who needs some help. Richard closes the door, then
Anton claims that he is friend of Richard’s wife.
They both open the door this time, and she
cannot recall knowing anyone named Anton. He
claims further that he knows, Marina, and she
nursed him while he was in hospital. Richard
pushes him away, and Anton asks, if he is doing
this because he knows his wife? Richard heats up
and he starts kicking him, he then beats
him with a stick, like a snake in the grass.
Later, he asks her how she knows him, and
if she is hiding things behind his back?
She denies everything, and she reminds him
about their promise of always being honest.
However, she feels bad for the homeless man, and
she suggests Richard should have helped someone
in need, and he leaves. Later that day, the
babysitter for the kids, Stine, arrives there and
Richard is seen reading a story to his kids. He
then informs Marina, that he has some urgent work.
Once he leaves, Marina sees a light, so she sneaks
out and she goes to the guest house, but she finds
it empty. She then opens the Garage, and she finds
him there. She then takes him to the guest house,
and she does the medic for him. The babysitter
Stine shows up there, and Marina orders her,
not to tell anyone that she is going to allow
the homeless men to take a shower there.
Later, Anton is seen enjoying the tub and having
a meal. She then gives him a pair of clothes,
and she is driven by guilt that Richard harmed
an innocent man, so she allows him to stay in the
guest house. The next day, their elder daughter
is sick, so she stays at home and Stine takes the
kids out. She sees Anton sneaking on them,
she tells her mom that she saw a magician.
Then, Marina goes to the guest house, she suggests
that he should leave, and she can drop him to a
private clinic if needed, he denies it by saying,
his heart is in pain from the misbehaviour and he
promises to stay locked in the room, he begs
to stay for few more days and have some food,
she agrees and she leaves. Anton gets a text
saying, Has the time come yet? He replies not yet.
Later that day, Anton is taking a
bath, and Marina’s daughter shows up,
he offers her to read a fairy-tale and then he
asks her to leave. Richard comes back to home,
and he gives Marina, a diamond necklace.
However, she looks more disappointed than happy.
Later that night, Marina goes
to the guest house with dinner,
she goes inside but the room is empty, she finds
a pair of binoculars there and she realizes that
their house is fully seen from there and she
leaves. Meanwhile, Anton is inside the house,
and he is reading bedtime story to all three
kids as he promised earlier. Marina shows up,
and she asks him to take her seriously
and not to enter the house as he promised.
Later, Marina dreams that Richard is beating her
in a very brutal manner. Anton is seen seating on
top of Marina while she sleeps. The next day, she
goes to the guest house, but she finds it empty,
she then goes to the woods, and she sees Anton
leaving, she asks him, why is he leaving? he
claims that he is tired of living inside the room,
and he wants to eat food with them on the table,
she says it’s not possible, but she wants him to
stay, then he inquiries about the family gardener.
Later, he calls a woman named Ilonka and Brenda,
he tells them about an assignment that they need
to do. He then takes some poison out
of his bag, and he prepares a weapon.
He then observes the gardener, and soon he shoots
the gardener with his weapon, the gardener is
suffering, and he falls to the ground. Anton
goes to him, and he offers him to take him home,
and then he drives gardener’s car and arrive to
his home. Later, his wife is putting a warm towel
on his head, Anton claims that he already called a
team of doctors, and they should be on their way.
In the wife’s absence, he knocks the gardener
down, and both women called earlier, shows up, as
a pair of doctors. Brenda is pretending to check
the gardener and Anton takes off his tie. Sooner,
Ilonka strangles her from behind, killing her.
Then they take two buckets, and put the couple’s
head in it, and they fill it with cement. At home,
Marina finds a shoe and she starts collecting
everything, she then gets rid of the shoe. Richard
arrives there and he is shocked to see his wife
collecting dirt, he suggests that they should
leave it on their gardener, but she claims that
the gardener resigned from the work today. He
cannot believe it, so she shuts him by a kiss.
He tells her how much she means to
him, and their all three kids show up.
Later, the wicked group is seen
watching tv in gardener’s home.
The next day, the group uses gardener’s car, and
they go to a lake, there they dump their bodies
with cement bucket. Few hours later, Pascal gets
a call from Anton, and they make a sinister plan.
The next day, Ludwig and Pascal take down a man
who tries to come to the house for a gardener job,
another applicant goes to the house, but
Richard says the N word and closes the door.
Later that day, Anton is in a fresh look,
and he identifies himself as Camiel,
Richard cannot identify him, and he invites
him inside the house. Marina recognizes him,
she is impressed, and she seems excited. Stine
is on the way with kids, and little girl notices
a body outside the house. Upon arrival, she goes
to the woods, and she finds the man badly injured.
She then brings a giant stone, and she kills
him with it. In the house, Richard shows him
the house and hires him for the job. That night,
Marina finds her daughter’s favourite teddy bear
torned apart. The next day, she asks her
who did it? her daughter is aggressive,
and she says it was fun doing it, which
makes Marina to yell at her. In meantime,
the ladies dump one more body in the lake,
and then Ilonka takes a bath in the same lake.
At the house, Excited Marina goes to Camiel, and
she asks him, how many names he has? Strangely
he replies that he is busy, and he needs to
concentrate on work. She brought food for him,
but he is not a simp, and he is not interested
anymore. Later, Stine goes to Marina, she wants
a leave, since her boyfriend is a soldier and
he is not with her most of the time, but Marina
denies it by saying she needs to meet him first.
Sooner, Marina goes to the guest house, and Camiel
demands that he needs his team of gardeners,
and then he introduces Ludwig and Pascal to her.
Later that night, Camiel is telling the kids a
story, against their faith to manipulate them.
Then Camiel is sitting on top of Marina,
while the team enters the house. She wakes up,
and she starts arguing with Richard, she claims
that he was beating her again in her nightmare
and then she leaves. She then goes to Camiel at
the guest house, and she wants him to kiss her,
but he is not interested, and he asks her
to have patience and she’ll get everything.
The next day, Stine didn’t show up to
work, and the kids are late for school.
So, Ludwig and Pascal take them. Then they
both take them to an abandoned bunker,
inside, they offer them some drinks
and Ludwig opens a pair of Scalpels.
At the house, Stine brings her boyfriend, Arthur,
to meet Marina. The kids are back but they look
tired and sleepy, Richard gets home for Lunch,
he orders to have some flowers on his dining
table. So, Stine is sent to the backyard, there,
Pascal tells her that he will only give her
flowers if she goes inside the guest house. Later,
it’s been hours and Stine is not back, so Arthur
goes to check on her, but she is not in the guest
house. She comes back with a different attitude,
Pascal did magic on her, and now she is
aggressive, Arthur tries to comfort her,
but she is aggressive. Then Richard corners
Marina and he gives her a bad news that he is
fired from work, and she leaves. Later at
dinner, everyone seems strange and upset,
Marina asks Arthur what his father does for
living, he replies his father owns The Q company,
upon hearing that, Richard rages up and he
reveals it to everyone that his father fired him,
and Richard starts insulting Arthur. Then they
both get into a fight and Ludwig takes him down.
Stine is compelled by Pascal and she wants to
cuddle with him, but he calmly rejects her,
and he asks her to leave. In meantime, Ludwig
dumps unconscious Arthur on the side of the road.
The next day, Stine informs Marina that
all three children are ill. Marina then
calls their family doctor. Upon hearing that,
Sine goes to Pascal and tells them about it.
Sooner, the ladies go to the family doctor and
take him down. Then they show up to the house
as his substitute. Later, Pascal gives Stine the
same orange drink and that makes her fall asleep,
Ludwig comes to the room with the set of
tools, and he performs a surgery on her.
Camiel is seen sitting on top of Marina, and she
gets a nightmare, that her husband is forcing
and torturing her. She wakes up and she starts
fighting with Richard and he overpowers her.
Once he leaves, she goes to Camiel,
and she orders him to kill Richard.
Later that night, she goes to Richard,
and she asks him if he needs a drink.
Camiel then mixes the poison in the drink.
Their daughter goes and gives him the drink,
and he hugs her, she says Bye papa before leaving.
Later, Richard gets inside the house. The sinister
group is watching them from the guest house,
and Richard dies in front of Marina. Then Camiel
goes inside the house with the whole group,
and he introduces her with the group. Later,
she takes him to a room, and she expresses
her love to him, and she wants to kiss him,
he denies it calmly. Meanwhile, Ludwig and Pascal
tie Richard’s body, and they go to the water and
dump him there. Later, Camiel puts poison in
Marina’s drink, sooner she lies on the bed,
he gives her a kiss and he leaves from
there. The ladies dump her body as well,
then Camiel is seen walking with all three kids,
along with the babysitter, and his Sinister group
towards the forest. He looks at now abandoned
mansion and he leaves. Then the movie ends.